>> Brian Holt: So I'm gonna show you one
more thing here with error boundaries,
just so I can show you componentDidUpdate.
Now, just so you know, you could
totally instead of do this with just
componentDidCatch and
not use componentDidUpdate.
But I just wanna show you how
to use componentDidUpdate.
So under componentDidCatch here,
put componentDidUpdate,
so you can see here there's actually
quite a few lifecycle methods.
If you're interested in learning
more about lifecycle methods,
you can actually check out older
versions of this course, right?
So I go over them in depth but normally
componentDidMount is one that you can use
quite a bit to set things up,
integrate with other libraries.
It's what you run when you first start.
componentDidUpdate, you still use but
not necessarily as much.
This will be reacting to kind of updates,
which I'll show you here in just a second.
componentWillUnmount, if
you do a setInterval or
if you have to clean up anything,
this will allow you to clean up things
before the component leaves the DOM.
And then there's a couple
of these as well,
>> Brian Holt: Like component will
receive props, it's like I'm
about to receive brand new props.
And then there's some other ones
in here as well, the unsafe ones,
which react.stricts will
not allow you to use, okay?
And remember we put react.stricts
around our entire application,
it'll warn you about that, so
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
what we're gonna do now is we're
gonna do componentWillUpdate.
>> Brian Holt: And what we're gonna do
here is this is gonna get run every single
time that it gets new state or new props.
So in this case,
I'm gonna say if this.state.hasError, so
if something updates this and
now this has an error,
what I want you to do is I
want you to do setTimeOut.
And give it an arrow function and
say this.setState redirect,
>> Brian Holt: true,
and then wait for 5000 milliseconds.
>> Brian Holt: So,
>> Brian Holt: The setTimeout here,
it's going to run this function and
after 5,000 seconds or 5,000
milliseconds rather it's gonna setStates
so that redirect is gonna be true.
So let's go ahead up here
in the state up here,
put redirect,
>> Brian Holt: False on line 7 there.
>> Brian Holt: And then what we wanna do
here,
>> Brian Holt: Is the first thing we wanna
ask, and
the order here is quite important.
You're gonna have to say,
if this.state.redirect,
then what we're gonna do
is we're going to return,
>> Brian Holt: A redirect component which
comes from reachRouter and
we're gonna say redirect to/
>> Brian Holt: As you might imagine,
whenever you render a redirect,
it just redirects the router
to be somewhere else, right?
You can also do this programmatically.
I could have totally said, and you don't
have to copy this, I think it's navigate.
>> Brian Holt: Like that, and
this would have worked as well.
And navigate comes from
reachRouter as well, but
I wanted to show you
both ways of doing that.
>> Brian Holt: You don't
want componentWillUpdate,
you want componentDidUpdate.
>> Brian Holt: Both of these will work but
let's do componentDidUpdate.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and then let's
go make an artificial error again.
So just here instead
of componenttDidMount,
we'll say throw new Error.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
now after 5 seconds,
it should redirect back to the home page,
which it does.